Clarify usage of load_dot_env() function (#587)
jolicode/castor: doc/going-further/interacting-with-castor/dot-env.md

```php
use Castor\Attribute\AsTask;
use Castor\Context;

use function Castor\load_dot_env;

#[AsTask()]
function show_database_url(): void
{
    $env = load_dot_env();

    io()->writeln($_SERVER['DATABASE_URL'] ?? throw new \RuntimeException('DATABASE_URL is not defined'));
}
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Even if the `load_dot_env()` function returns the env variables as an array,

> > it will only returns variables defined in the .env file. So if one override

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> it will only returns variables defined in the .env file. So if someone overrides
```

Author: Thanks, fixed

> > it will only returns variables defined in the .env file. So if someone overrides

Author: Thanks, fixed
